Update README for vs code plugin page (#170)
metalbear-co/mirrord-vscode: README.md

# mirrord for Visual Studio Code

[![Discord](https://img.shields.io/discord/933706914808889356?color=5865F2&label=Discord&logo=discord&logoColor=white)](https://discord.gg/metalbear)
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT-green)
![GitHub release (latest SemVer)](https://img.shields.io/github/v/release/metalbear-co/mirrord-vscode)
[![Twitter Follow](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/metalbearco?style=social)](https://twitter.com/metalbearco)
[![VSCode Marketplace](https://img.shields.io/badge/VSCode%20Extension%20Page-756df3)](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=MetalBear.mirrord)

> mirrord lets developers [run local processes in the context of their cloud environment](https://mirrord.dev). It’s meant to provide the benefits of running your service on a cloud environment (e.g. staging) without actually going through the hassle of deploying it there, and without disrupting the environment by deploying untested code. It comes as a Visual Studio Code extension, an IntelliJ plugin and a CLI tool. You can read more about what mirrord does [in our official docs](https://mirrord.dev/docs/overview/introduction/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
mirrord lets developers [run local processes in the context of their cloud environment](https://mirrord.dev). It provides the benefits of running your service on a cloud environment (e.g. staging) without actually going through the hassle of deploying it there, and without disrupting the environment by deploying untested code. It comes as a Visual Studio Code extension, an IntelliJ plugin and a CLI tool. You can read more about what mirrord does [in our official docs](https://mirrord.dev/docs/overview/introduction/).
```

</p>

This repository is for the VSCode extension.
mirrord's main repository can be found [here](https://github.com/metalbear-co/mirrord).

## How to use mirrord for VSCode

* Click the mirrord status bar item to switch mirrord from `Disabled` to `Enabled`

<p align="center">
  <img src="/media/readme/mirrord_enable_demo.gif" width="60%" alt="A gif showing mirrord being enabled via a click in the VSCode UI">
</p>

* Start debugging your project **(shortcut: F5)**

* Choose a target to impersonate

<p align="center">
  <img src="/media/readme/target_selection_popup.png" width="60%" alt="A screenshot of mirrord's target selection pop up in the VSCode UI">
</p>

* The debugged process will start with mirrord, and receive the context of the impersonated pod. It will receive its environment variables and incoming traffic, will read and write files to it, and send outgoing traffic through it.

> Unless explicitly set [in the config](https://mirrord.dev/docs/reference/configuration/#root-kubeconfig), mirrord uses your machine's default kubeconfig for access to the Kubernetes API.

> > For incoming traffic, make sure your local process is listening on the same port as the remote pod.

Reviewer: (or use the Port Mapping configuration + link)

> > By default, mirrord is disabled when you open a VSCode window. To change this behaviour, set the `enabledByDefault` setting to `true`.

Reviewer: I don't think this is important enough to be here

## Configuring mirrord for VSCode

mirrord allows for rich configuration of the environment it provides. The schema for it is documented [here](https://mirrord.dev/docs/reference/configuration/). The extension supports autocomplete for `json` files, but you can also use `toml` or `yaml` format.

_Quick start: the easiest way to start configuring mirrord is to choose_ "Settings" _from the status bar menu, which will open a new `mirrord.json`._

<p align="center">
  <img src="/media/readme/settings_opt.png" width="20%" alt="A screenshot of mirrord's status bar menu in the VSCode UI, with 'Settings' highlighted">
</p>

> mirrord can read its configuration from multiple places. For more details, see [the documentation on setting up the mirrord config](https://mirrord.dev/docs/using-mirrord/vscode-extension/#using-the-mirrord-config).

Reviewer: I think this bit and the next aren't important enough to be in the README

> <!-- mirrord reads its configuration from the following locations:

Reviewer: Remove?

3. If no config is specified, mirrord looks for a default project config file in the `.mirrord` directory with a name ending with `mirrord.{json,toml,yaml,yml}`. If there is no default config file, mirrord uses default configuration values for everything. If there are multiple candidates for the default config file, mirrord sorts them alphabetically and uses the first one. -->

You can use the `changeSettings` command or the link in the dropdown menu to quickly edit detected configs.

## Helpful Links

* [Official documentation for this extension](https://mirrord.dev/docs/using-mirrord/vscode-extension/)
* [Official language-specific guides for debugging](https://metalbear.co/guides/)

## Contributions, feature requests, issues and support

* Feel free to join to our [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/metalbear) if you need help using mirrord, or if you encounter an issue while using the extension.
* Check our open issues for [the VSCode extension](https://github.com/metalbear-co/mirrord-vscode/issues) and [mirrord's core code](https://github.com/metalbear-co/mirrord/issues), and 👍 react to any that you would like to see addressed.

> * Before submitting a pull request for new features, please discuss it with us first by opening an issue or a discussion.

Reviewer: Maybe link to the contributing guide instead? I think this point is mentioned there (and if it's not then it should/will be)
